TELCODOCS-950: subsequent update to RN (#64088)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

==== Dynamic use of non-reserved CPUs for OVS

With this release, the Open vSwitch (OVS) networking stack can dynamically use non-reserved CPUs.

> This dynamic use of non-reserved CPUs occurs by default in nodes in a `MachineConfigPool` with a performance profile applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dynamic use of non-reserved CPUs occurs by default in nodes in a `MachineConfigPool` with a `PerformanceProfile` applied.
```

Just to maintain the style when referring to objects.

Author: Updated accordingly @MarSik

> This dynamic use of non-reserved CPUs occurs by default in nodes in a `MachineConfigPool` with a `PerformanceProfile` applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This dynamic use of non-reserved CPUs occurs by default in nodes in a machine config pool that has a `PerformanceProfile` applied.
```
